we are here at st. archers brewing
company in San Diego next to me Todd
Richards one of the owners how you doing
today Todd I'm good I'm good I'm glad
you guys came down here to check it out
and see what we've been working on for
about the past year it's actually the
brainchild of Mikey Taylor josh.lambden
and Paul Rodriguez those are the three
guys that kind of came together and
started the whole ball rolling this
happened pretty quickly it's been like
pretty much just two years since this
idea was even thrown out there and now
here we are one of the biggest players
in San Diego's craft brew see we've been
saying the combined social media network
that all the guys that have come
together to be part of saying Archer is
basically you know what did it for us
that and having really good beer as I
said before Mikey Taylor Paul Rodriguez
Eric Koston dusty paying Josh Kerr I
mean there there are quite a few of us
myself a JP solberg were the only two
snowboard guys but between all the
skaters and the surfers we've got it
pretty covered why beer make money drink
beer it's just like death and taxes it's
two things that people do you've got all
these companies these energy drink
companies coming into action sports I
mean getting everyone L high job for
what their you know their day entails
what do you do after what do you do at
five o'clock when you want to come down
from that crazy sugar buzz you drink
beer and put your feet up and relax
that's where we come in everybody drinks
beer except for people that are 21
okay so behind me right here this is the
cold room as you can't feel at home this
is very cold this is where the beer goes
after it gets brewed and bottled or
putting kegs and goes in here those are
a lot of cakes what you don't see is a
lot of bottled beer and that is because
as soon as we brew the beer the beer
leaves there's a demand for our product
which is a good thing when you're in
business not such a good thing when
you're an owner and you want to get some
beer I have to go to the store and buy
it they didn't really tell me about that
when I signed up for this whole thing
this is called mult if you were to take
a handful of it and put it in your mouth
right now it would be disgusting but you
take it you put it in a fermenter leave
it there for a little while and voila
you have beer it isn't just love and
happiness that goes into every bottle of
Saint Archer there's also malt and hops
and other birria type things right now
there's three that are on the shelves we
have the IPA we have the blonde and we
have the pale ale but we're going to be
expanding that obviously coming up
pretty soon we're going to be doing a
limited edition run of a dark beer we
want to have these small collabs of
people and kind of keep it interesting
and you know shuck and jive in ways that
maybe the beer business has never seen
before we did in the beginning with the
way that we came up the box and just
based on the way that everyone is
thinking here we want to keep it moving
keep it fresh don't want to become stale
and you know doing small projects is the
way to do so we've come to the end of
our tour here at st. archers brewing
company in San Diego and lucky for me
it's ended in the tasting room what do
we got on tap Todd um well we have all
of our beers atop the pale the IPA the
blonde but we also have you know any of
our limited-edition beers are available
here I mean the tasting room is a great
place to come down here actually be able
to see you know all the equipment behind
us and hang out and have a beer and we
have food trucks that are here so come
down and get a bite to eat have a beer
and look at the pictures on the wall and
hear the Saint Archer story
oh great turnout first of all and second
of all what a big day for you just fresh
off the US Open hide your heat go today
yeah had a early want to eat since I saw
been up since 5am driving up to
Huntington surfing heats then back down
here tonight yeah great turnout and I'm
kind of getting a taste with a real
working life right now pouring beers and
work in the tail behind the bar I was
pretty interesting I've definitely glad
I'm surfing for a living right now I
don't know if drinking said arch is
exactly training for me for surfing but
i'd like to stay so you know so gives me
the energy I need but yeah I don't know
a beer night definitely on keeps the
heart warm
the first time I've actually experienced
what it's like to have a real job I have
a newfound respect for any type of
server I'll tell you that much tomatoes
how does it feel to be a part of Saint
Archer grain companies this your first
business endeavor definitely not my
first business endeavor but it feels
great myself Mike Taylor and Josh Landon
have been trying to put this together
for about three years now so to see it
actually be materialized is really
awesome for us because there's been so
many endless meetings at different cafes
and delis talking about talking about it
now finally it's real so we're very very
happy and excited